Cleanup of README.md (#342)
ros2/ros1_bridge: README.md

* `rostopic`
* `rqt_image_view`

### Prerequisites for the examples in this file

> In order to make the examples below portable between versions of ROS, we've chosen to define two environment variables, `ROS1_INSTALL_PATH` and `ROS2_INSTALL_PATH`.  These are defined as the paths to the installation location of their respective ROS versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make the examples below portable between versions of ROS, we've chosen to define two environment variables, `ROS1_INSTALL_PATH` and `ROS2_INSTALL_PATH`. 
These are defined as the paths to the installation location of their respective ROS versions.
```

If you installed Noetic in the default location, then the definition of `ROS1_INSTALL_PATH` would likely be `/opt/ros/noetic`.

> Building the bridge as described below requires you to build all of ROS 2. I assume that you have downloaded it to `~/ros2_galactic`, and that is where you plan on building it. In this case, `ROS2_INSTALL_PATH` will be defined as `~/ros2_galactic/install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building the bridge as described below requires you to build all of ROS 2.
We assume that you have downloaded it to `~/ros2_galactic`, and that is where you plan on building it.
In this case, `ROS2_INSTALL_PATH` will be defined as `~/ros2_galactic/install`.
```

If you've chosen to install either or both versions of ROS somewhere else, you will need adjust the definitions below to match your installation paths.

> Because these definitions are used continuously throughout this file, it would be useful to copy the following lines to your `.bashrc` file (if you're using `bash` as your shell).  Modify these definitions as appropriate for the versions of ROS that you're using, and for the shell that you're using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because these definitions are used continuously throughout this file, it would be useful to copy the following lines to your `.bashrc` file (if you're using `bash` as your shell).
Modify these definitions as appropriate for the versions of ROS that you're using, and for the shell that you're using.
```

```bash
export ROS1_INSTALL_PATH=/opt/ros/noetic

> export ROS2_INSTALL_PATH=~/ros2_galactic/install

Reviewer 2: I'd say you have them both from binaries (building the standard bridge) or both from a workspace (building custom messages).

I cannot say what the usecase would be from sourcing ROS1 from binaries and ROS2 from source.

Author: Doing this is *literally* what the instructions in the same README.md says for us to do; apparently this is what is needed to build the bridge.  The only reason for these settings is because of those instructions.

Reviewer 2: Well, in that case the comment is not directed to you but the original author :slightly_smiling_face: 

But you can ignore this then I guess.

Author: No problem, I understand the confusion!  When I was first going through the complete README to get the bridge working on my machine, my first thought was that I had misread things.  Turns out that they're completely accurate! :man_shrugging:

Reviewer 2: > Turns out that they're completely accurate! man_shrugging

I didn't say that. I still think they are wrong. It's just not your doing ;-)

---
And I'm not a maintainer here, just an interested bystander.

```

> As a note, there is no trailing '/' character in either definition.  If you have problems involving paths, please verify that you have the correct path to the installation location, and that you do not have a trailing '/' in either definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a note, there is no trailing '/' character in either definition.
If you have problems involving paths, please verify that you have the correct path to the installation location, and that you do not have a trailing '/' in either definition.
```

* `rostopic`
* `rqt_image_view`

### Prerequisites for the examples in this file

> In order to make the examples below portable between versions of ROS, we've chosen to define two environment variables, `ROS1_INSTALL_PATH` and `ROS2_INSTALL_PATH`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make the examples below portable between versions of ROS, we define two environment variables, `ROS1_INSTALL_PATH` and `ROS2_INSTALL_PATH`. 
```

These are defined as the paths to the installation location of their respective ROS versions.

> If you installed Noetic in the default location, then the definition of `ROS1_INSTALL_PATH` would likely be `/opt/ros/noetic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you installed Noetic in the default location, then the definition of `ROS1_INSTALL_PATH` will be `/opt/ros/noetic`.
```

Building the bridge as described below requires you to build all of ROS 2.

> We assume that you have downloaded it to `~/ros2_galactic`, and that is where you plan on building it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assume that you have downloaded it to `~/ros2`, and that is where you plan on building it.
```

Author: What about mirroring what happens in `/opt/ros`?  That is, instead of `~/ros2_galactic`, the download location is `~/ros2/galactic`?  This lets end users download and install multiple versions of ROS 2 to their machines.

Reviewer: Upon further reflection, and checking the existing documentation, we should keep the path as `~/ros2_galactic` because that is where the installation documentation says to put it.

Author: OK, I'll leave it as-is.  Thank you.

> In this case, `ROS2_INSTALL_PATH` will be defined as `~/ros2_galactic/install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, `ROS2_INSTALL_PATH` should be defined as `~/ros2/install`.
```

Author: I can change 'will' -> 'should', but I'd like to use the path suggestion from above.  Would that work for you?

If you've chosen to install either or both versions of ROS somewhere else, you will need adjust the definitions below to match your installation paths.

> Because these definitions are used continuously throughout this file, it would be useful to copy the following lines to your `.bashrc` file (if you're using `bash` as your shell).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because these definitions are used continuously throughout this page, it is useful to add the following lines to your shell startup file (`~/.bashrc` if you are using `bash`, `~/.zshrc` if you are using `zsh`).
```

> Modify these definitions as appropriate for the versions of ROS that you're using, and for the shell that you're using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I don't want to remove this line for two reasons:

- While `bash` and `zsh` are common because they are the defaults on Linux and OS X respectively, they aren't the only available shells.  I want to remind users that they need to think about their shells.
- When I first started working on this update, it talked about `melodic` and `foxy`.  That suggests that this documentation may live long enough that the latest and greatest version of ROS 2 will change.  I want to make sure that we're letting end users know that they need to think about what is going on behind the scenes, rather than blindly following the instructions.

Reviewer: We have specific versions of the README for each ROS version. Which reminds me that this particular version, being `master`, should actually refer to ROS 2 Rolling and Noetic. The correct path is `~/ros2_rolling` and there is no need to instruct the user to alter the instructions for different ROS 2 versions.

Author: Understood, I'll modify it.

```bash
export ROS1_INSTALL_PATH=/opt/ros/noetic

> export ROS2_INSTALL_PATH=~/ros2_galactic/install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export ROS2_INSTALL_PATH=~/ros2/install
```

Author: See my earlier suggestion about the paths.

```

> As a note, there is no trailing '/' character in either definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that no trailing '/' character is used in either definition.
```

> If you have problems involving paths, please verify that you have the correct path to the installation location, and that you do not have a trailing '/' in either definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I don't want to remove this.  It will help others when they are debugging what went wrong.

You should first build everything but the ROS 1 bridge with normal colcon arguments.
We don't recommend having your ROS 1 environment sourced during this step as it can add other libraries to the path.

```bash
colcon build --symlink-install --packages-skip ros1_bridge
```

> Next you need to source the ROS 1 environment.  If you set up the `ROS1_INSTALL_PATH` environment variable as described earlier, then the following will source the correct `setup.bash` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next you need to source the ROS 1 environment.
If you set the `ROS1_INSTALL_PATH` environment variable as described above, then the following will source the correct `setup.bash` file.
```
